README.md, before:

### <div align="center">I'm Mohamed Fawas — a curious learner</div>

- Continuously learning and experimenting with cloud-native technologies like **Kubernetes, MCP servers, and distributed systems**.  
- Interested in contributing to **open-source tools and projects** in the **cloud-native ecosystem**.  
  

<br/>  

## Connect with me  
<div align="center">
<a href="https://twitter.com/mohamedfawas182/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/mohamedfawas" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://dev.to/mohamedfawas1" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=white" alt="dev.to" style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://hashnode.com/@mohamedfawas" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/hashnode-%232962FF.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=hashnode&logoColor=white alt=hashnode style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mohamed-fawas/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/@MOHAMED_FAWAS" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-%23EE4831.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white alt=youtube style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
</div>  
  

<br/>  


<div align="center">
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mohamedfawas&&style=flat-square" align="center" />
</div>  

<br />
<!--- taken from https://profilinator.rishav.dev/ -->

Commit message:

Update README with new learning interests
Added new interests and current explorations in the README.

README.md, after:

### <div align="center">I'm Mohamed Fawas — a curious learner</div>

- Curious about **distributed systems** and how things break at scale
- Currently exploring **backend & infrastructure challenges** (mostly in Go)
- Lately poking around **Solana infra** and asking “why does this fail?”

Learning by building, breaking, and fixing things.
  

<br/>  

## Connect with me  
<div align="center">
<a href="https://twitter.com/mohamedfawas182/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/mohamedfawas" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://dev.to/mohamedfawas1" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=white" alt="dev.to" style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://hashnode.com/@mohamedfawas" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/hashnode-%232962FF.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=hashnode&logoColor=white alt=hashnode style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mohamed-fawas/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/@MOHAMED_FAWAS" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-%23EE4831.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white alt=youtube style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
</div>  
  

<br/>  


<div align="center">
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mohamedfawas&&style=flat-square" align="center" />
</div>  

<br />
<!--- taken from https://profilinator.rishav.dev/ -->
